Employee Leave Management System Project Download

Free Download Employee Leave Management System Project in PHP
The purpose of this project is to create an online leave management program which is essential to something like an organization or college. The main purpose of the online PHP projects is also to develop web applications in college submission.

The Employee Leave Information Management System was designed to automate the employee administration and management and the strategic planning of leaves for employees. This program manages all of the employee records.

Employee Leave Data Management System was developed primarily to handle information about the employee. That serves as an instrument for better management. The key goal of this project is to create an effective web-enabled framework that would be able to simplify workplace knowledge management needs. It is meant to simplify the current manual framework for fast information collection, produce statistical reports and act as a data archive for efficient sharing of information and possible retrieval.

System Users
Admin
Employee
Admin Features
Admin Login.
Admin can also view admin dashboard.
Admin can change password after login.
Admin can add leave type.
Admin can update leave type.
Admin can delete leave type.
Admin can add departments.
Admin can update departments.
Admin can delete departments.
Admin can add an employee and also update the employee info.
Admin can also manage the leave application(approve and not approve).
Admin Logout
Employee
Employee login
Employee can Update Profile
Employee can apply for leave.
Employee can View the leave Status
Forget Password Recovery
Update Password
Employee Logout
Software Requirements
XAMPP server
Language Used
Front End(User Interface) HTML 5,AJAX,JQUERY,JAVASCRIPT,BOOTSTRAP
Server Language PHP 5.5
Backe End MYSQL
How to run Project
1. Download and Unzip Project in Your root directory(xampp/htdocs)

Database Configuration
Open phpmyadmin

Create Blank Database "elms"

Import database "elms.sql" (available inside project/database folder)

Run Project
Open Your browser and type "localhost/emls"

Admin Login Details
Username: admin
Password: 12345
Employee Login Details
Employeeid :PHPTPOINT1012 (When retrieving your password)
Username: phptpoint@gmail.com
Password: 12345